Operating MTV with non-cluster admin users (#417)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/snip_permissions-info.adoc

Reviewer: the content in this file looks good to me, I'm not sure about the phrasing of "If you ..., you ..." - shouldn't it be "Users that are administrators/non-administrators can ..."?

Author: I'd prefer to keep this as user-focused as possible.

Reviewer: fair enough

:_content-type: SNIPPET

If you are an administrator, you can see and work with components (providers, plans, etc.) for all projects.

If you are a non-administrator, you can only see and work only with the components of projects you have permissions for.

[TIP]
====

> You can see which projects you have permissions for by clicking the *Project* list, which is in the upper-left of every page in the *Migrations* section except for the *Overview*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can see which projects you have permissions for by clicking the *Project* list, which is in the upper-left of every page in the *Migrations* section, except for the *Overview*.
```

Pendantic

:_content-type: SNIPPET

> If you are an addministrator, you can see and work with compoenents (providers, plans, etc.) for all projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an administrator, you can see and work with components (providers, plans, etc.) for all projects.
```

> If you are a non-administrator, you can only see and work only with the compoenents of projects you have permissions for.

Reviewer: right, that's one aspect - the other aspect that we wanted to cover here is the fine-grained permissions that the user needs to have. for instance, even when creating a new plan using predefined network/storage mappings, we (@yaacov) saw that the user still needs to be able to create a new network/storage mappings (because of the internal implementation of plan creation). that's why @qiyuann documented the permission they (QE) assigned to the user they tested with
